---
title: Week 11 - Repl.it
layout: post
author: charles.brampton
permalink: /week-11---repl.it/
source-id: 1IVlHtvZCoBjA8jeb_VX60IrhXbNhrfGCVWAyzMNYsrE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Repl.it</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/12/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To overcome challenges</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>We were listening to Mr Keen for most of the lesson, however i did my best to persevere.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I didn't question Mr keen much this lesson, even though I wasn’t very confident about the topic we were focused on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I didn’t work very independently as today’s lesson was quite an interactive one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Looking back on the lesson, I don’t think I contributed much to the class discussion.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I didn’t engage with the lesson much today.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson Mr Keen taught us how to input certain text like 'what’s your name’ and replies to questions like that in repl.it. He also taught us how to rule out certain characters when coding and looking for responses in the code. For the last 10 minutes we were told to make our own conversation like his on repl.it. Mr Keen asked multiple questions to the class and offered many opportunities for us to contribute today, however I didn’t contribute to the lesson much, so that could have gone better.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will question Mr Keen much more so I can develop a full understanding of the topic we focus on, as there were quite a lot of points where I didn’t understand the topic in detail, however I did understand the general topic we were being taught today.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


