---
title: Week 10 - Binary
layout: post
author: charles.brampton
permalink: /week-10---binary/
source-id: 1y63ScEzPWFbCKugpOTI-QkAjjm3566P0GO62z6iFrK8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Binary</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/12/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To overcome challenges</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>We were listening to Mr Keen for most of the lesson, however I persevered when I wasn't sure on certain questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I did question Mr Keen quite a lot this lesson as the topic was somewhat complicated.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I didn’t work very independently as today’s lesson was quite an interactive one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Looking back on the lesson, I think I contributed well when the opportunities were presented to me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged with the class discussion a fair bit today.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson Mr Keen taught us about binary and why it’s used in computers. He taught us how binary worked and how to convert a number from binary to the number "symbols" we’re all familiar with. He told us that there are gates in computers that allow the electricity to flow and that the 1s and 0s that are used in binary are the numbers that determine whether the gate is open or not. I think I could have had a much better understanding of the topic we were discussing though as I’m still not completely sure about what we were talking about in the lesson.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will question Mr Keen a bit more to try and expand my knowledge on the topic we’re doing in class.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


